Add Debug Mode configuration and move detailed logs to Debug log level (#167)
cyberark/conjur-authn-k8s-client: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Added
- Users can set the `DEBUG` environment variable to run the client in debug mode and view more log messages.
  [cyberark/conjur-authn-k8s-client#134](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-authn-k8s-client/issues/134)

### Changed

> - Detailed logs moved from Info to Debug log level to decrease verbosity of log messages.

Reviewer: we now also need to note here that some error codes changed. maybe we could also link to `pkg/log/log_messages.go`?

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Added
- Users can set the `DEBUG` environment variable to run the client in debug mode and view more log messages.
  [cyberark/conjur-authn-k8s-client#134](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-authn-k8s-client/issues/134)

### Changed
- Detailed logs moved from Info to Debug log level to decrease verbosity of log messages.
  [cyberark/conjur-authn-k8s-client#134](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-authn-k8s-client/issues/134)

> - Log level suffix was removed from log identifiers (e.g. CAKC001**E** -> CAKC001).
>   See [log_messages.go](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-authn-k8s-client/blob/master/pkg/log/log_messages.go).

Reviewer: it's probably important to note that on account of this, some log identifiers were changed.
```suggestion
- Log level suffix was removed from log identifiers (e.g. `CAKC001**E**` -> `CAKC001`). To
  avoid conflicts, some log identifiers had to be changed. See [log_messages.go](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-authn-k8s-client/blob/master/pkg/log/log_messages.go)
  for more details.
```

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Added

> - Configurable debug mode to enable detailed logs.
>   ([cyberark/conjur-authn-k8s-client#134](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-authn-k8s-client/issues/134))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Users can set the `DEBUG` environment variable to run the client in debug mode and view more detailed logs.
  [cyberark/conjur-authn-k8s-client#134](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-authn-k8s-client/issues/134)
```
